hey guys what is up at his camera and
come back you guys today with a new
video and today I'll be talking about my
top five favorite features of the newly
announced iOS 8 and as you guys know
today is June the second when I fill in
this video and iOS 8 was just announced
and there's packed full of features into
this software update and today what are
you talking about my favorites and what
I think you're gonna be the best and
what I'm most looking forward to when
this is actually released so um what
that frisbee let's go and run out of
this video I'll talk about my top 5
favorite things that I'm most looking
forward to an iOS 8 and tell you what I
think is going to be the most
anticipated pieces of things that were
added from iOS 7 so let's go and jump
onto that and I'll talk about that
alright so taking the number one spot
for me has got to be the new
notification system on iOS 8 this is
very very very innovative because what
you're able to do is on the lock screen
and also in app you're able to see your
text notifications let's say you get a
text from your friend you can slide down
if you're in an app and see it and then
reply directly from the app so you're
able to not even exit the app like you
can reply to messages right from the app
so it's very very very cool especially
like if you're watching a video or
something you don't want to exit out and
go to reply 0 message you can swipe down
reply to the message then continue
watching the video seamlessly it's very
very cool and it saves a lot of times
you want to exit out also if you're on
the lock screen you're able to accept or
decline notifications so you're actually
able to reply to messages and stuff
right from the iOS lock screen which is
really really cool and also it saves a
lot of time basically it's just a time
saver and it's really really cool
because you're able to just do it
seamlessly from the app or on the lock
screen so I'm definitely looking forward
to be able to use in this feature number
two for me has got to be the new group
messaging system what they have is they
saw the regular group messages what
you're able to do now is you're actually
able to add people remove people and
also seamlessly leave the conversation
so if you ever been in like a chatty
group message um you know you've it's
been annoying your battery life has been
dying what you're able to do is actually
leave the group message if you want to
so if you know you're gonna be in the
group message you just leave whereas in
iOS 7 you have to actually just keep
deleting the messages telling people hey
please stop messaging it is getting
annoying I'm sick of this is coming my
battery and you had to rely on those
people to stop but now you can just
leave the message and not have to worry
about anyone continuing to reply to that
you're also able to add new people to
the message show you don't have to start
a whole new one like you would an iOS 7
which is really really cool and then
also what you have is if you want to
remain in the group message but you're
getting sick the notification jus cat
you can actually turn on the do not
disturb mode and it will stop sending
you notifications for that group message
miss on a case basis so what you're able
to do is set it for certain group
messages but allow other group message
to give you notification so it's cool
you can set up what you want is very
unique to where you can you know
customize it to what you want to receive
what notifications you want to get from
what grew messages so I'm definitely
looking forward to the redesign group
messages it's gonna be awesome number
three for me is gonna be huge and I
think it's gonna be really really
innovative and very very cool for iOS
it's already been on Android before but
iOS unfortunately has been behind the
curve and has not received this yet so
I'm looking forward to this being a
thing what it is is actually customize
keyboards you're actually able to
install third-party keyboards like swype
keyboard you're able to install it on
iOS in iOS 8 and other I don't know
innovative keyboards they're going to
come out you're able to install them and
use this custom keyboard so this is
really really cool I'm definitely
looking forward to this i'll be using
swype keyboard because i know that's
cool and i'm honestly very very excited
about that another thing related to the
keyboards and I'm knocking include is
like a separate top five is you're gonna
have auto completion so like at the top
of the keyboard on Android you know how
it has the little notifications or
little boxes that will recommend words
that you that it thinks that you're
going to say well iOS will actually you
know get into a cycle of what it thinks
you might say when you spell certain
things out and it will give you a
recommended little finisher word at the
top so if you're gonna spell shouldn't
and you type SH then it might recommend
should you can just click it without
having to type out the forward which is
really really cool and it's related the
keyboard so the keyboard I'll updates in
iOS 8 are gonna really awesome
definitely looking forward to those
number four on the list is going to be
the new picture enhancements that iOS a
brings to the table what it actually
does is auto enhances your picture for
you so let's say you update a picture or
you just take a picture and you want to
do some color Corrections well what you
do is actually go into the Photos app
and it will automatically enhance the
photo for you which is really really
nice so instead of Justin like the hue
and stuff directly by yourself the app
will actually do it for you and honestly
from the stream and stuff from what I
saw the color correction looked really
really good it brought out the colors
made it more vivid and vibrant a mutt
anyways yeah it fixed the pictures for
you made them look a lot better and I'm
really looking forward to that so you
won't have to do it yourself you can get
the aptitude for you it makes it easy
for people that aren't you know
up-to-date on Photoshop or some kind of
thing like that it's kind of like an
Instagram ish filter but a little bit
better because it can enhance the photo
without throwing like a whole filter
over there so you don't have to change
the whole like theme of the picture
it'll just enhance it to make it look
more bright and vivid and vibrant what
you want to do with this so it's really
nice you actually have some options and
it will do it for you which is really
really cool finally at number five for
my you know I still like it but it's not
my favorite features gonna be the new
third party extension
you're actually able to add extensions
like eBay or sports center yourself into
your notification center the slide down
menu so you can add third-party widgets
and stuff in there that will live update
so let's say you have like a bid on eBay
or something like that you can throw it
over in your notification thing and
we'll have a little widget that tells
you when the bids going to end or if you
have a Sports Center it will update when
your team is playing if they're winning
you know let's say you want to just have
basketball it'll tell you who's playing
what the scores are and stuff like that
so it's pretty cool I really like that
especially for like the eBay sign of
things maybe not really a sports thing I
kind of can follow that on Twitter and
stuff or just watch this stuff but for
the e based out of it i'm really excited
because that's pretty cool you can have
an extension that will live update with
widgets and stuff in your notification
center but really guys that's it that's
all for this video i hope you guys did
enjoy this is just a really quick video
I should be calling out more iOS videos
tomorrow so stay tuned for that but
anyways guys hope you did enjoy my top 5
features of iOS 8 i'm really looking
forward to it so hopefully it is all
that it's cracked up to be i'm looking
forward to this release and i will
definitely be using it and whenever i do
get to downloading i will be downloading
i imported the developer program so i
will get it early and i'll show you guys
a how to install video probably and then
also a full in depth like hands-on video
with it but anyways guys thanks for
watching if you did enjoy you can like
the video leave a comment down below
subscribe to the channel and then follow
me on twitter which is down below at
ipod touch 2g Bob but anyways guys
thanks for watching hope you guys did
enjoy this has been cameron and i'll
catch you guys my next video